https://w3id.org/peo#tree_of_thoughts_prompting type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#encoder_only type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#zero_shot_prompting type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#code_generation type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#mpt-7b type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#recurrent_neural_network type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#vall-e type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#logical_chain_of_thought_prompting type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#grounding_image_encoder type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#dall-e type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#lamda_pt type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#video_explanation type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#openelm type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#minerva type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#chinchilla type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#active_prompting type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#lighting type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#video_processing type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#program_of_thoughts_prompting type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#chat type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#chain_of_note_prompting type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#image_processing type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#structured_cot_prompting type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#image_segmentation type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#audio_task type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#command_r type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#video_generation type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#analogical_prompting type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#starcoder type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#q_former type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#audio_explanation type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#gemini type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#text_summarization type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#bloom type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#large_language_model type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#text_generation type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#large_language_model_characteristic type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#capability type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#chain_of_thought_prompting type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#code_explanation type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#thread_of_thought_prompting type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#fix_deformed_generations type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#decoder_only type Class
ub19bL1127C61 type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#research_institution type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#audio_processing type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#image_task type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#rephrase_and_respond_prompting type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#text_explanation type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#audio_generation type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#repetition type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#automatic_cot_prompting type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#bert type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#prompt_engineering type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#image_explanation type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#chain_of_verification_prompting type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#text_task type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#glamm type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#palm type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#falcon type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#transformer type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#t5 type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#company type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#gpt type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#cogvlm type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#image_generation type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#global_image_encoder type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#text_processing type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#shot_type type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#diffusion_model type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#quality_boosters type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#rwkv_llm type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#vicuna type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#code_prompting type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#sora type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#flan type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#region_encoder type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#clip type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#prompt type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#alpaca type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#vit_encoder type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#graph_of_thought_prompting type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#mistral type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#decoder type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#style_modifiers type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#xlnet type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#opt type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#encoder type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#take_step_back_prompting type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#prompting_technique type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#image_prompting type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#chain_of_table_prompting type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#organization type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#task type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#question_answering type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#midjourney type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#emotion_classification type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#react_prompting type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#text_translation type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#code_processing type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#claude type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#video_task type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#system_2_attention_prompting type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#university type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#phi-1 type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#response type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#olmo type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#transformer_xl type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#plan_and_solve_prompting type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#few_shot_prompting type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#emotion_prompting type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#chain_of_code_prompting type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#rag_prompting type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#self_consistency_prompting type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#role_prompting type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#chain_of_knowledge_prompting type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#gemma type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#decomposed_prompting type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#scratchpad_prompting type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#pixel_decoder type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#base_model type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#blip-2 type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#least_to_most_prompting type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#llama type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#mathematical_understanding type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#stablelm type Class
https://w3id.org/peo#code_task type Class
